My degree in Data science for business at BI Norwegian Business School, is the most nerdy degree at BI. It equips the students with knowledge on how to drive value for an organisation, using data insights and patterns that are hidden to the naked eye, while being able to explain to a collection people what the results interpret. We first started learning basics within business, (marketing, accounting) and programming (Python, SQL), and moved onto more advanced methods in machine learning, and economics, and finally in the last year, we learned how all this can be combined to drive valuable insights to the organisation, with respect to customers, supply chain weaklinks, or financial mistakes. 

Combining the knowledge from my studies, and my interest for portfolio construction and management, I became a risk analyst at BISO Invest, a student managed investment fund at BI. Here I was tasked with creating a pipeline from our broker where our portfolio was based, to an excel sheet or pandas dataframe for my colleagues. The data collected was mainly on formal identification of what positions were in the portfolio, combined with allocation weights, and sector. This pipeline enabled my colleagues to get clean and analysis ready data, that could be used to make stress tests related to sector exposure within the portfolio. 
To talk about how I made the pipeline; all data you see on a web page is essentially information that is stored on a server somewhere, but transferred at request specifically to your computer. This makes my computer a client to the broker server that stores all data. I used Wireshark to analyze what specific TCP (Transmission control protocol) packets were transferred between the client and the server, when I accessed the portfolio data on the web page. From this, I used some reverse engineering and Pythons requests library to extract the JSON objects from the get requests, and formatted all I wanted to a python dataframe, or csv file to be used in Excel. Although I wish I could demonstrate it, Nordnet (our broker) noticed the method, and has blocked the option, making my pipeline wortheless, because I cant access any, unless I can log in, with QR codes from Python, which is really complicated. 
Nonetheless, I mean that I have demonstrated the ability to use technology to improve an organisations flow of data. I wish I could have expanded on this, but studies and life got in the way. I find it really cool to work on portfolio management, and pricing of portfolios, and would like to pursue a masters in quantitative finance, if given the opportunity.

For my studies at University of Oslo, I wanted to have more science subjects, specifically within computer science. Here I have expanded my horizon, and explored what I want to do. 

I have applied to this position at Statkraft because I am really fascinated by the dynamics in power trading, and the possibilities of mathematical modelling possibilities with respect to pricing dynamics. Prices depend on power consumption and production, 